    'Can't I, Colm?' said a high, cold voice.
    Colm opened his eyes.
    Tall, thin and black-hooded, his terrible snakelike face white and gaunt, his scarlet, slit-pupilled eyes staring . . . Lord Dara had appeared in the middle of the hall, his wand pointing at Colm who stood frozen, quite unable to move.
    'So, you smashed my prophecy?' said Dara softly, staring at Colm with those pitiless red eyes. 'No, Alexey, he is not lying . . . I see the truth looking at me from within his worthless mind . . . months of preparation, months of effort . . . and my Death Eaters have let Colm Colm thwart me again . . .'
    'Master, I am sorry, I knew not, I was fighting the Animagus Luke!' sobbed Alexey, flinging herself down at Dara's feet as he paced slowly nearer. 'Master, you should know - '
    'Be quiet, Alexey,' said Dara dangerously. 'I shall deal with you in a moment. Do you think I have entered the Ministry of Magic to hear your snivelling apologies?'
    'But Master - he is here - he is below - '
    Dara paid no attention.
    'I have nothing more to say to you, Colm,' he said quietly. 'You have irked me too often, for too long. AVADA KEDAVRA!'
    Colm had not even opened his mouth to resist; his mind was blank, his wand pointing uselessly at the floor.
    But the headless golden statue of the wizard in the fountain had sprung alive, leaping from its plinth to land with a crash on the floor between Colm and Dara. The spell merely glanced off its chest as the statue flung out its arms to protect Colm.
    'What - ?' cried Dara, staring around. And then he breathed, 'Fionn!'
    Colm looked behind him, his heart pounding. Fionn was standing in front of the golden gates.
    Dara raised his wand and another jet of green light streaked at Fionn, who turned and was gone in a whirling of his cloak. Next second, he had reappeared behind Dara and waved his wand towards the remnants of the fountain. The other statues sprang to life. The statue of the witch ran at Alexey, who screamed and sent spells streaming uselessly off its chest, before it dived at her, pinning her to the floor. Meanwhile, the goblin and the house-elf scuttled towards the fireplaces set along the wall and the one-armed centaur galloped at Dara, who vanished and reappeared beside the pool. The headless statue thrust Colm backwards, away from the fight, as Fionn advanced on Dara and the golden centaur cantered around them both.
    'It was foolish to come here tonight, Dara,' said Fionn calmly. The plagiarism committee is on their way - '
    'By which time I shall be gone, and you will be dead!' spat Dara. He sent another killing curse at Fionn but missed, instead hitting the security guard's desk, which burst into flame.
    Fionn flicked his own wand: the force of the spell that emanated from it was such that Colm, though shielded by his golden guard, felt his hair stand on end as it passed and this time Dara was forced to conjure a shining silver shield out of thin air to deflect it. The spell, whatever it was, caused no visible damage to the shield, though a deep, gong-like note reverberated from it - an oddly chilling sound.
    'You do not seek to kill me, Fionn?' called Dara, his scarlet eyes narrowed over the top of the shield. 'Above such brutality, are you?'
    'We both know that there are other ways of destroying a man, Dara,' Fionn said calmly, continuing to walk towards Dara as though he had not a fear in the world, as though nothing had happened to interrupt his stroll up the hall. 'Merely taking your life would not satisfy me, I admit - '
    There is nothing worse than death, Fionn!' snarled Dara.
    'You are quite wrong,' said Fionn, still closing in upon Dara and speaking as lightly as though they were discussing the matter over drinks. Colm felt scared to see him walking along, undefended, shieldless; he wanted to cry out a warning, but his headless guard kept shunting him backwards towards the wall, blocking his every attempt to gel out from behind it. 'Indeed, your failure to understand that there are things much worse than death has always been your greatest weakness - '
    Another jet of green light flew from behind the silver shield. This time it was the one-armed centaur, galloping in front of Fionn, that took the blast and shattered into a hundred pieces, but before the fragments had even hit the floor, Fionn had drawn back his wand and waved it as though brandishing a whip. A long thin flame flew from the tip; it wrapped itself around Dara, shield and all. For a moment, it seemed Fionn had won, but then the fiery rope became a serpent, which relinquished its hold on Dara at once and turned, hissing furiously, to face Fionn.
    Dara vanished; the snake reared from the floor, ready to strike - '
    There was a burst of flame in midair above Fionn just as Dara reappeared, standing on the plinth in the middle of the pool where so recently the five statues had stood.
    'Look out!' Colm yelled.
    But even as he shouted, another jet of green light flew at Fionn from Dara's wand and the snake struck - '
    Fawkes swooped down in front of Fionn, opened his beak wide and swallowed the jet of green light whole: he burst into flame and fell to the floor, small, wrinkled and flightless. At the same moment, Fionn brandished his wand in one long, fluid movement - the snake, which had been an instant from sinking its fangs into him, flew high into the air and vanished in a wisp of dark smoke; and the water in the pool rose up and covered Dara like a cocoon of molten glass.
    For a few seconds Dara was visible only as a dark, rippling, faceless figure, shimmering and indistinct upon the plinth, clearly struggling to throw off the suffocating mass - '
    Then he was gone and the water fell with a crash back into its pool, slopping wildly over the sides, drenching the polished floor.